add hostnameInCertificate to JDBC Client Docs (#18218)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/client/jdbc.rst

                                                                  TrustStore is selected. For macOS, the ``KeychainStore`` TrustStore is selected.
                                                                  For other OSes, the default Java TrustStore is loaded.
                                                                  The TrustStore specification can be overridden using ``SSLTrustStoreType``.

> ``hostnameInCertificate``                                         (FULL SSLVerification only) Expected hostname in the certificate presented by the Trino server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``hostnameInCertificate``                                         Expected hostname in the certificate presented by the Trino server. Only applicable with full SSL verification enabled.
```
